feat: Adds async reactor documentation (#76)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/api/reactors/reactor-errors.mdx

```javascript

// Throwing an error constructed with an array:
const { ReactorRuntimeError } = require('@basis-theory/basis-theory-reactor-formulas-sdk-js');
throw new ReactorRuntimeError(["error 1", "error 2"]);

// Would result in the following error response:
{
  "status": 500,
  "message": "Reactor Runtime Error",
  "errors": {
    "error": ["error 1", "error 2"]
  }
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="object" label="Object">

```javascript

// Throwing an error constructed with an object:
const { ReactorRuntimeError } = require('@basis-theory/basis-theory-reactor-formulas-sdk-js');
throw new ReactorRuntimeError({
  error1: 'description 1',
  error2: ['description 2', 'description 3']
});

// Would result in the following error response:
{
  "status": 500,
  "message": "Reactor Runtime Error",
  "errors": {
    "error1": ["description 1"],
    "error2": ["description 2", "description 3"]
  }
}
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Best Practices

When integrating with an external API within a reactor, we strongly recommend handling all vendor-specific errors
that are documented by the vendor and translating into an appropriate Basis Theory error type.

> Some vendors express error scenarios via HTTP status codes, while others opt to return a generic status code such as `200 OK` while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some external APIs express error scenarios via HTTP status codes, while others opt to return a generic status code such as `200 OK` while
```

Reviewer: @dhudec I actually wonder if this is fine now that i read everything. I've been trying to think about how I talk about these relationships vs how one of our end-users may. 

Vendor may be fine now, although I'm wondering if we should be talking about it specifically as an API vs Vendor/3rd Party in our docs as that is really what they would be interacting with. 

Thoughts? (for now I'm fine if you close this without adding it and we can talk more in Slack)

and to craft your reactor responses such that you have sufficient information available in your system to react appropriately to each type of error.

### Examples

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="stripe" label="Stripe">

```javascript
module.exports = async function (req) {
  const stripe = require('stripe')(req.configuration.STRIPE_PRIVATE_API_KEY);
  const {
    AuthenticationError,
    BadRequestError,
    InvalidPaymentMethodError,
    RateLimitError,
    ReactorRuntimeError,
  } = require('@basis-theory/basis-theory-reactor-formulas-sdk-js');

  try {
    const token = await stripe.tokens.create({
      // redacted for simplicity
    });

    return {
      raw: token,
    };
  } catch (err) {
    // the stripe sdk throws an error containing a type value
    // here we translate from stripe-specific error types into Basis Theory errors
    switch (err.type) {
      case 'StripeCardError':
        throw new InvalidPaymentMethodError();
      case 'StripeRateLimitError':
        throw new RateLimitError();
      case 'StripeAuthenticationError':
        throw new AuthenticationError();
      case 'StripeInvalidRequestError':
        throw new BadRequestError();

>       case 'StripeAPIError':

Reviewer 2: are these cases needed? it would go to the default case anyway

Author: I suppose they aren't. I copied this from our official stripe reactor
